Add skipscan howto (#968)
timescale/docs: timescaledb/how-to-guides/query-data/advanced-analytic-queries.md

  BEFORE INSERT OR UPDATE ON location
  FOR EACH ROW EXECUTE PROCEDURE create_vehicle_trigger_fn();
```

You could also implement this functionality without a separate metadata table by
performing a [loose index scan][loose-index-scan] over the `location`
hypertable, although this requires more compute resources. Alternatively, you

> can use the TimescaleDB [SkipScan][skipscan] feature to speed up your `SELECT
> DISTINCT` queries.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
speed up your `SELECT DISTINCT` queries by structuring them so that TimescaleDB can 
use its [SkipScan][skipscan] feature.
```
